what's happened to people and welcome to
another team review my name is dirty
mike and if you're new to the series and
it's all about giving you the ins and
outs and breaking down some of the top
squats in FIFA 13 and in this EP we've
got beast mode Bayern Munich we've shown
their form recently they are incredible
and they're one of the best squads in
FIFA this year playing a simple I'd put
them in the top three so you've got
Madrid Bayern Munich and Brazil rounded
out my top squads
in this year's installment of FIFA and
what makes them so so good is that they
have a great balance and then you have
game changers with Robin and rebury you
can make all sorts of different things
happen on the pitch in a very versatile
let's talk a little bit about the
defense so we're gonna go over the
4-2-3-1 formation which is the most
common formation you're gonna run up
against if you're facing a Bayern Munich
player and that's because they just
their whole squad fills that out great
so you've got no angle who is the best
keeper in FIFA this year I think that
he's the most consistent he makes a lot
of great saves he just it's tough for
any opponent to score goals ondoy he's
free automatic in the back he's big he's
strong very physical and his presence is
known it's definitely known by everyone
on the pitch and then on the defense you
got Philipp Lahm you have a LeBeau you
got Dante you got boa ting I know that I
listed that out of order but those are
gonna be your 4 and they're not changing
we're going to the formation if you're
using 4 in the back that's that's gonna
be your 4 and then in the midfield you
can mix things up here and there but
let's talk about going forward and if
you're playing in the 4-2-3-1 you need
to play on the defensive mentality and
then counter-attack tactic tactic
counter attack counter attack counter
attack and the reason I say that is
because
rebury and Robin aren't gonna play any
defense for you that's not in their DNA
they're not out there to make tackles
that's they're not gonna intercept
passes forget about it but they are
going to be able to score goals and make
things happen on the offensive side of
the pitch so you need to be on that
counter-attack and that's why you need
to have the defensive mentality
and the next formation we're looking at
is my favorite with Bayern Munich the
4-3-3 and the attacking setup and that's
because it just feels so natural with
them and having a big physical striker
like Gomez up fits perfectly with these
quick speedy wingers in Robin and rebury
they're really the most prolific duo
this year in FIFA and what makes them
better than the other wingers I mean
there's a lot of winners that are
greatest skill moves really fast but
it's their shooting capabilities if you
cut inside with rebury you cut inside
with Robin it's going in the top corner
it's automatic as long as you're in
Robins left foot please don't shoot with
his right foot that's it's like a
turnover do not do with Robin's right
foot I have a better off with than Robin
I'm just trying to put that into
perspective Robin who Robin has a scary
scary right foot scary off what it's so
terrible and in the 4-3 degree in the
attacking center if I like to play this
in a balanced and sometimes I'll go to
defensive depending in the the game
situation and then I'm looking at
pressure I'm not trying to wait for the
ball to come to me that's not the way
that I'm defending in the 433 whereas in
the 4-2-3-1 you're patient and you're
sitting back nope I'm bringing the
pressure and I want to score goals and I
I did scored 33 goals while conceding
eight they're just kind of a high number
actually with Bayern Munich II yeah I
didn't think I'd even concede eight
goals and I did lose a game when I hate
losing when you're using premium teams
because Bayern Munich to me is just one
of the elite squads this year and I
don't need to be losing games with them
but sometimes that's how it goes
it's how the cookie crumbles you also go
up against almost all Real Madrid
players when you're using Bayern Munich
or you're matched up a mere match first
Bayern Munich I don't know how the a
decides these kind of things but that's
what it felt like when I was playing in
the last formation we got the four three
two one which is one of my favorite
formations this year in FIFA and I use
it to pressure once again like the 4-3-3
it's very similar and I actually brought
on Shaqiri to add a little more speed
and just go forward and see what
happened it was a little bit of a risky
move because he's not good on the
defensive end
and I didn't really replace anybody on
there with defense because Mulder is a
pretty balanced midfielder but he's
trying to get forward a score so in the
four three two one
and the only defensive option I have is
Gustavo which is that at least I got one
back there but that's gonna be a lot of
space in the midfield for you to be
counter-attack especially you're pushing
up like I am I like to play balanced or
attacking sometimes with the four three
two one and I like also to be narrow
everybody pushed in a lot closer and I
just push people outside outside outside
and if I'm playing against somebody who
primarily plays up the middle he's gonna
get stomped and that's kind of what I'm
hoping for when I when I go in that four
three two one formation I'm just like I
hope you come to the middle because
that's what I'm looking for and four
goals Gomes scored 13 River we had seven
and Robin added five that's 25 goals
between the three and they're deadly
there they're all pretty automatic at
finishing and having a true centre
forward like Gomes is so nice I play a
lot of matches of FIFA where I just
don't have anyone that's anything like a
centre forward they just don't resemble
that and and I know I can't cross the
ball in with any sort of success it's
just frustrating so if you enjoyed the
review then go ahead and drop that
thumbs up subscribe to my channel if
you're new and follow me on Twitter at
Mike's turn on USA I have a lot more
content coming for you a set of a set
piece